3 new alpha1 theorems (#1781)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000895.md

---
uid: T000895
if:
  P000174: true
then:
  P000210: true
---

> To prove the result it is enough to show each of the countable subspaces of $X$ is {P210}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prove the result it is enough to show every countable subspace of $X$ is {P210}.
```

---
uid: T000895
if:
  P000174: true
then:
  P000210: true
---

> Utilising the metaproperties of {P210} and {P174}, we may assume that $X$ is {P57}. But then the assertion follows from {T238}, {T748}, {T186} and {T217}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prove the result it is enough to show each of the countable subspaces of $X$ is {P210}.
Note that each subspace of $X$ is also {P174}.
So wlog we may assume $X$ is {P57}, and hence {P28}
[(Explore)](https://topology.pi-base.org/spaces?q=Countable%2BWell-based%2B%7EFirst+countable).
And {T748}.
```
making partial use of Explore to simplify things

Author: ok
